Miss Ye, you are here
Was it you who served me three years ago?
Yes but I heard
That person is dead
Now that he's dead
Why are you still willing to wait so hard?
Because I believe
Dead trees will sprout
Iron trees will bloom
You and me
There is always a day when the landscape meets again
Hahaha ouch
Xiaojun, can you kid?
Just got divorced
Knot again
Hmph, playing tricks in broad daylight
What's the age and a red hijab?
It must be ugly
Don't dare to see anyone
come
Let me see what this little lady looks like
Miss hijab
How can you meet someone like you casually?
Do you know who my lady is?
Damn dare to do anything to me
Do you know who I am?
I advise you to take back your words
My lady's surname is Yi
Think about it for yourself
There are several industrialists in Shangjing
Shangjing industrialist
One of the four great families
Impossible, why is Miss Ye in such a place?
With this Xiao Jilin of Big Ross
Impossible salute
Come on, Mr. Wang
The king called me
What did you do?
Why did you put all this garbage in?
And how dare this little girl hit me
Immediately godfather threw them out for me